Add API endpoint warnings (#47841)
fleetdm/fleet: docs/REST API/rest-api.md

### List hosts

> `populate_software` returns a lot of data per host when set, and drastically more data when set to `true` on Fleet Premium. If you need vulnerability details for a large number of hosts, consider setting `populate_software` to `without_vulnerability_details` and pulling vulnerability details from the [Get vulnerability](#get-vulnerability) endpoint, as this returns details once per vulnerability rather than once per vulnerability per host.

> > Searching with `query` and setting `device_mapping=true` are each expensive, and combining them is more so. If you're using these, the best practice is to reduce the number of results returned using `per_page=50`, to prevent overloading the Fleet server.

Reviewer: @spalmesano0 let's leave these below the parameters table, since that's the standard place for notes (although I'm sure we're not following that perfectly everywhere 😬). We want the top section to be about the basics like description and how to use, then caveats & info about specific parameters below. Performance notes are important, but don't need to be the first thing users see.

Author: @rachaelshaw This move was requested by Noah here:
https://github.com/fleetdm/fleet/pull/47841#discussion_r3437435430

> `populate_software` returns a lot of data per host when set, and drastically more data when set to `true` on Fleet Premium. If you need vulnerability details for a large number of hosts, consider setting `populate_software` to `without_vulnerability_details` and pulling vulnerability details from the [Get vulnerability](#get-vulnerability) endpoint, as this returns details once per vulnerability rather than once per vulnerability per host.

> > Searching with `query` and setting `device_mapping=true` are each expensive, and combining them is more so. If you're hitting this endpoint often the best practice is to reduce how frequently you call it to prevent overloading the Fleet server.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> Searching with `query` and setting `device_mapping=true` are each expensive, and combining them is more so. If you're running a scheduled job that hits this endpoint, the best practice is to run it no more than once per hour to avoid overloading the Fleet server.
```

@spalmesano0 I tweaked the language to add a specific suggestion but totally guessed on once per hour...is it right? Can we give a faster best practice? 30 minutes?

Also, I think let's move this performance warning to the top of the section: https://github.com/fleetdm/fleet/pull/47841/changes#r3437435430

Author: @rfairburn said this was originally triggered after hitting it with ~10 req/sec. I'd defer to him on the infrastructure recommendation, though I imagine once every few minutes wouldn't be bad.

@noahtalerman I think the placement of the `Get host by Fleet Desktop token` warning right under the endpoint title may have been a mistake (probably made by me!), as the warnings for `List hosts` and `List software versions` were already under parameters.
With that in mind, do you still want me to move the warnings for the four endpoints here and `List software versions` near the title?

Author: @noahtalerman I talked to Robert about this, and the issue is probably solved with pagination, not reducing the frequency. I'll update with that in mind.

| exclude_software | boolean | query | If `true`, the response will not include a list of installed software for the host.     |
| exclude_fleet_maintained_policies | boolean | query | If `true`, will omit Fleet-maintained policies from the policies list. |

> > If you're hitting this endpoint often (e.g. every hour) for a large number of hosts (e.g. 1k+) the best practice is to set the `exclude_software` to `true` to prevent overloading the Fleet server.

Reviewer 2: @spalmesano0 I think let's move this to the top of this section, right below the "Get host" header. That way we're consistent w/ the "Get host by Fleet Desktop token":

<img width="664" height="202" alt="Image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/89666699-f5ae-4ab3-b506-2e6f62bf62f5" />

Author: @noahtalerman I think the placement of the `Get host by Fleet Desktop token` warning right under the endpoint title may have been a mistake (probably made by me!), as the warnings for `List hosts` and `List software versions` were already under parameters.
With that in mind, do you still want me to move the warnings for the four endpoints here and `List software versions` near the title?

Reviewer 2: I think lets move them all up to below the title 👍 

That way, the warnings aren't buried.

FYI @rachaelshaw

### List software versions

> > For optimal performance, we recommend Fleet Premium users set `without_vulnerability_details` to `true` whenever possible. If set to `false` a large amount of data will be included in the response. If you need vulnerability details, consider using the [Get vulnerability](#get-vulnerability) endpoint.

Reviewer: Same note as above; this info shouldn't take precedence over the description.
